ae
hello guys on one more time will bring
a very cool app there
time indigence
his name is fault and commander and me
I think it will be very useful there
for people to manage the app
good we open william longer seems the
four folders already picture music videos and
downloads today we have the memory
of the device
the sd card we touch the card
he plays the folders is what you have is the
way you set with the way
What do you want on the left side do you have?
how you are designing to locate
classify and filter in the same way as
right side has as a paste too
voting here we have a sd card
that also appears well defined there to
people are working there with the
application can not get lost in the
cell phone
good it's a simple application it is
free
you can be downloaded by preston
I hope you liked it.
It has a lot is very simple and basic but
very useful when you are looking for a
application there if you liked the jewel
see again in another video exit pro
channel there and sign up for my channel there
A hug to everyone and even more.